Roaring 20s back again are we about to
see the greatest boom in the history of
the world and if so what follows next
this time you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you in today's
video we're going to break down what has
happened here and what are some of the
predictions for what's coming in 2024
and Beyond I want to get into all of
that today and show you what people are
experiencing right now the high prices
the inflation the shrink inflation
everything that's been going on I'm
going to break some of that down right
here right now you are looking at the
Roaring 20s at least that's what we are
being told you could see that it's
coming through many indications when you
look at the stock market hopefully not
those big collar um I don't think that's
too comfortable but we have this are
there Roaring 20s actually back so they
are covering this a bunch of people in
here being quoted one of those is Ed
yard Denny now Ed yard Denny is the type
of guy who every time he's going to just
lift his prediction what is it tomorrow
it's 5,000 no it's going to be 6,000
going to be 7,000 okay on and on and on
and so we take it with a grain of salt
but what he is talking about here is
that AI artificial intelligence is going
to reduce the cost of business and this
is going to be a big boom for let's say
the next decade so this is going to
provide a fantastic outload
for the foreseeable future now what he
hasn't mentioned here what others won't
mention here this is like a deflation
right suddenly the tasks that you do at
work are not needed anymore we've got
robots we've got AI automation doing all
that stuff doing all the you know the
turning the knobs and the flipping the
burgers and you know checking people out
at the cash all these things well what
happens now well you have a Ubi that
comes in to basically give everybody
let's say $2,000 okay no more work you
could just do this stuff $2,000 we don't
need those type of tasks anymore we've
replaced them so we have a Ubi but what
happens here is that we have an
inflationary effect of this because what
happened in the previous circumstance
where they gave out cash we found that
that directly supported the stock market
people went out they spent a bunch of
money that creates inflation okay that
that inflation we're talking about price
inflation let me be clear about that I
know people
get a little upset about inflation when
I when I refer to that I talk about the
price inflation because that's what
people
experience look at what's happening
though right now at this time people
they are being absolutely squashed
they're being hammered and artificial
intelligence has not been there to help
any bu out in this regard there hasn't
been robots that have come in made
people's jobs easier and then somehow
that translated into them making more
money that hasn't happened we're being
told that somehow it is but who's going
to actually do that oh the government
the government's going to extend their
hand they're going to give you that
$2,000 you are going to benefit from it
but are you employed is this mean that
there's going to be mass unemployment
higher permanent unemployment for the
foreseeable future what does that say
about the economy and can governments
actually afford Universal basic income
could they just hand out cash to
everybody and somehow everything's going
to be okay well depends who you ask
there's some other things in here where
some would suggest that look what
happened after the circumstance St of
literally weeks
before weeks before the great crash
began
everybody was saying things are all good
you had the famous quote about the
permanently High Plateau it's never
going to go down from this point and
then it was an
89% drop from the top I mean you
couldn't be more wrong the person saying
that should have been you
know they should have put them in front
of a group of people and say look people
are literally investing they are putting
their life savings in they are
gambling based on what you're saying and
you were so wrong and they are just you
know nothing happens in fact they write
books they go on the new the news the
talk shows and they get more and more
publicity this reminds me a lot of what
happens with Kathy Wood and nothing
against her personally I'm sure she's a
nice person but what does it say is that
people don't really want accurate
information they want what they want to
hear they'll hear what they want to hear
and that's it but you came here for the
truth and that's what we're talking
about today mortgage rates in the US
faulted the lowest since May dropping to
6.6 1% this all depends on credit and so
on but here it is looking at it from 8%
down to 6.61% the expectation is that
will continue along with by the way the
dollar dollar compared to other
currencies the US dollar has been
dropping and the US dollar and the stock
market happen to be uh certainly
inversely correlated so when we do see
the dollar being super strong the stock
Market can be weak it depends on what's
happening with those other currencies
there's a lot of factors there but that
is now in the opposite here we see the
dollar weakening and we see the stock
market doing very very well and what has
happened with the currency overall
though like we can measure it against
the Yen we can measure it against the
peso but what about stuff when when we
measure it against new car prices the
dollar doesn't look so good here it is
year after year after year new car
prices have been going wild is that
because of these companies gouging their
customers to a certain degree yeah it's
probably part of
it but it's everything everywhere and
everything seemingly has risen for one
reason or another this is rice rice
feeds the world everywhere you go
there's rice Asia there's rice Latin
America I mean everywhere and it's such
an important crucial commodity for
preventing poverty keeping people out of
poverty because it's cheap but look what
happened with India India says okay we
need to make sure that we can feed our
own people we're going to stop exports
of certain types of rice and what
happened to the price obviously goes up
demand goes up people start going to
Costco people start going to the
supermarkets they're buying as much as
they can well now you can see the price
hitting a level we have not seen in well
over a decade that's a big concern
because as we get into these moments
here you start to see civil unrest and
we don't want that we want growth we
want prosperity and yet that isn't the
case worst of the cocoa rally is yet to
come for chocolate makers and that's why
I showed you just recently why uh chewy
or Quaker dips the chocolate covered
um granola bars they don't use chocolate
you heard me correct chocolate covered
granola bars contains no chocolate what
about the blueberry bagels at Costco
that have no blueberry in it I
mean what chocolate doesn't contain
chocolate blueberry doesn't have
blueberries in it I don't know what's
going on here I mean this
crazy I can't I'm saying I'm saying it
but it's like just it's not like my
brain isn't processing it but anyway
that's what we're seeing here that's
what happens things get too expensive
they start taking out the
ingredients they start making them more
expensive people want the cheap they I
want that all for cheap I want it made
in in same country I'm from I'm from I
want the local oh yeah but I want it to
be as cheap as possible those days are
over in fact even overseas products are
getting much more expensive I hope
people understand the level of inflation
we are experiencing today will seem like
the good old days in the coming years
and this is a warning to you I hope
you'll listen Americans are dreading the
holidays one and three go in debt to pay
for their holiday shopping and I've seen
countless
countless examples different surveys
that show people carry debt from the
previous Christmas into the next one a
whole year at 20 25 30% interest rate oh
my goodness the burden that is carried I
mean if you got to do you but if that
was me I would be not purchasing the
gifts I would tell everybody be honest
with them about the circum irance and do
something else for them do something
else for them say look I can't afford
that but I can certainly have this skill
I could do that I could I can help you
cook on that day I can do whatever it is
my goodness don't go into further debt
it is so dangerous at this time more
than ever before and this is just an
unusual circumstance where you see in
and out burger opening day in Idaho ends
in chaos with an8 hour line and
customers fuming after they camped out
for the night so you could see it right
here looking at these people camping out
in front lining up like crazy now I've
never been to this place I don't even
think it exists where I am but does this
show us that people have a lot of
disposable income or is it hey I'm going
to get some really cheap Burgers we
haven't got this before and so it's an
excuse you know oh I'll line up for a
while going to get cheap food or is it
just you know hype and so on gets um you
know gone through social media this and
that what do you think what is this is
it is it hype maybe certainly could be B
built wants to lower the cost of home
building with robots it basically goes
into the explanation of how it will do
that in order to reduce the cost the
expense to build a home this would allow
people potentially to get their homes
for cheaper this is like a reduction in
inflation will that happen I really
don't know but there are a lot of
different companies that are doing
one-way shape or form figuring out how
to do the tasks that people are doing
right now do them in a more efficient
way and make that process relatively
simple are they able to uh not so sure
but I can tell you that sometimes the
home builder quality not exactly good so
we can expect hey maybe the robots will
do it better and they'll do it 20 24
hours a day uh this is talking about
going to the checkout line and and
Walmart wants to just like Costco when
you're leaving they want to check your
receipt and basically they're saying in
in here many examples of people saying
no no no no no um you know partially I
included this to just interject the fact
that people right now they are fed up
with the self checkouts that's one thing
there's no question um but at the same
time what is going on with the the
consumer and what are they doing right
here they are right now more than ever
before in a circumstance where they need
the budget they've got to worry about
their budget their expenses and they're
worried and they're concerned at the
same time these stores here for one
reason after another will simply just
shut down one after the other store they
will get rid of the human employees they
will go to that model where there's many
stores that have you know operated like
this you talk to the one person at the
front of the store you order probably
online these days you'll order online
you'll come to speak to the person at
the front and everything behind is
locked up only that one person is able
to access that for you here's what you
ordered and that's the end of that this
is what's coming theft whether it's
because one reason or another they want
to eliminate employees they'll use the
excuses theft this is coming you have to
understand higher prices you get less
value cheaper stuff it's happening today
if you want to stay ahead of the curve
you got to join one of my groups that I
got going on the finance Friday we learn
about everything like how did I end up
pinpointing the bottom of the stock
market the money mirror method that's
discussed every single Friday what about
Sunday why do I have that well Sunday
sessions is some call it the success
Sundays or we have money GPS business
live I teach people how we're building
businesses online so that look if your
town starts going down the drain you've
got a way out you've got to build an
online business so that you can have
customers anywhere you want that you can
have currency diversification and so
many other things that's what I talk
about if you're interested in any of
those there's a link at the top of the
description read that entire page and
click that apply button you will
basically be emailing me when you click
that and then we can converse between us
and we could see if the you're a good fo
fit for that okay so I want to thank you
for being here today hit that thumbs up
button on the way out I do appreciate
that very much but don't forget come in
tomorrow because I've got some really
good information about what's happening
with the banks I hope to see you there
take care